10/5/18
Talked about structure of the project and discussed how to make the login page.

10/8/18
Working on Milestone 2
Planning 3 week sprints
Determine who does what.

10/12/18
Working on Milestone 2
Screenshot Trello page
Did agile meeting
Finished milestone 2

10/15/18
No Milestone to work on.
Designed specific layout of each page

10/19/18
No Milestone to work on. 
Working on HTML elements.
Figuring out structure of database.
Looking for APIs to use for food and store prices.

10/22/18
What we accomplished: rough draft of main page, login, create user, user page.
What we talked about: Creating an overall css file.
Structure of database- need a db for user/password/email, db api for recipes and prices, maybe db for user saved recipes.
What we will accomplish this week: Get overall css file done. Start on Databases. Find API for prices.

10/26/18
What we accomplished: minimal work has been done since monday this week due to midterm season
What we talked about: assigned brandon and bryn to start the databases and everyone else to continue working on html

10/29/18
Accomplished: As above, focus was given towards current midterms. Outside of basic database table framework concepts, no tangible work was contributed towards concrete code.
To do: Moon - Troubleshoot user page and update CSS (currently now working on all browsers)
Brandon - Determine how to create and host username and password database using SQL
Bryn - Troubleshoot login page and update CSS (same issue as user page)
Chris - Smooth CSS formatting across main and user page. Link existing webpages together
All - Upon finishing mentioned tasks either work on jscript/jsnode connection to database or creating and integrating price/recipe database and API
Issues: Moon - issues pulling up pages on laptop (taking directly to github also having issues with pages converting between htm and html)
Brandon - figuring out how to encrypt passwords (unsure as of yet)

11/2/18
Accomplished: Brandon created the user database. Still fixing html and working on creaing other database.
Moon - make official logo.
Ally and Erin - fix the login page and other html pages.
Issues - login in page not working on chrome.

11/5/18
Accomplished: Created Logo. Linked login page. Designed the structure of our recipe database.
To do:
Moon and Erin - look into applying node js.
Ally - Fix milestone 2.
Bryn - HTML
Brandon - Database

11/9/18
Accomplished: Updated more html on login and user page. Loaded project into heroku.
To Do:
Moon - Changing asthetics on html page.
Bryn - Working on front end login page.
Chris - Fix css on main page. Get married. (absence not excused)
Erin - Figure out node.js

11/16/18
Accomplished: Created databases, worked on getting scripts, made outline/drawing of database structure.
To Do:
Moon - Final front end design touches.
Bryn - Integration with node.js/angular.
Chris - Database scripts.
Erin - Integration with node.js/angular.

11/26/18
Accomplished: inmplemented logo throughout the html, started implementing front end on node.js.
To Do:
Moon - Perfecting front end.
Erin - Implementing front end in node.js
Chris - Understand how to recognize user and pull information, also fix user to certain requirements.
Brandon - Understand how to integrate database into node.js
Bryn - Implementing front end in node.js
Ally - How to pass in variables from front end.

11/30/18
Accomplished: Got php server running.
To Do:
Moon - html stuff
Erin - linking database
Bryn - working on html main page and php
Chris - work on login cookie and php
Brandon - work on queries

12/3/18
Accomplished: Search bar and add is working.
To Do:
Chris - Format testing
Moon - Fix bootstrap bar
Bryn - download php and testing
Brandon - download php and testing
Ally - Start presentation and download php
Erin - connect login page to database


